[Music]
now we don't know much about laws of
other countries but that topic is
usually pretty boring but not this time
why can't you save a drowning person in
China where can't you pay only with
change what happens to a man in Samoa if
he forgets about his wife's birthday
well this video will tell you about 19
most extraordinary things people aren't
allowed to do in various countries we
still struggle to believe some of them
19 you can't eat biscuits on Christmas
Day in 1644 in the United Kingdom Oliver
Cromwell prohibited celebrating
Christmas because he thought it was
immoral
along with Christmas itself many
attributes of the holiday were
officially banned including sweet buns
and biscuits it's curious that this law
hasn't been abolished so every English
man
technically commits a crime every time
he eats a biscuit on a Christmas Day 18
you can't touch Wales here is another
strange law from the UK the Queen is a
powerful woman all whales dolphins and
other sea mammals within the three-mile
radius of the UK are considered
Elizabeth's property so you can't touch
them without breaking the law well how
would you like it if somebody touched
your things 17 you can't die in
Parliament you thought we were done with
the UK after two laws well you were
wrong
it's illegal for any politician to die
in Parliament now we're not completely
sure what punishment a criminal might
get what if somebody murders someone
else in Parliament do both the murdered
and the victim get punished 16 you can't
rescue a drowning person not a single
list of strange laws can leave China
untouched one such law says that it's
illegal to rescue somebody who's
drowning this bizarre and inhumane law
is connected with the eastern philosophy
stating that interfering with a person's
fate is immoral now while we're looking
for a definition of a moral and a
dictionary skeptics think that the
Chinese authorities use this regulation
to control the population we prefer the
first explanation like this video if you
agree with us 15 you can't kiss at train
stations and yet somehow France is
associated with love now this law first
appeared in France in 1910 when kissing
couples were so busy saying goodbye to
each other that they actually delayed
trains and as a result the authorities
banned kissing at platforms and made
special kissing zones where lovers could
take a moment of tenderness now this
makes all the passionate platform movie
scenes even more valuable something
nostalgic from the past
[Music]
14 you can't feed pigeons well actually
you can but not in Venice it's illegal
and punished by a fine to feed poor
hungry pigeons in Venice however you
want to see the beautiful statues and
architectural monuments dirty you have
to abide 13 you can't buy Kinder
Surprise the famous chocolate eggs have
been prohibited all around the United
States since the very day of their
appearance now the reason for this was
that according to the US laws it's
prohibited to put small toys into food
because children can choke on small
parts just imagine the number of kids
who couldn't enjoy that feeling when you
don't just eat tasty chocolate but also
know that there's a toy waiting for you
inside in 2013
children could finally have fun with the
Kinder's the authorities allowed the
eggs to be sold but only on condition
that there would be large toys inside
made of a single piece a child can't
possibly swallow 12 you can't pay only
with change in Canada you can't have fun
cracking your piggy bank and buying
something there's a law that prohibits
you from paying only with change if the
price is over 10 Canadian dollars 11 you
can't step on money another law
concerning money but this time it comes
from Thailand Rama the ninth who was the
king of Thailand for seventy years
before he died in 2016 he was and is
viewed as divine by the people in
Thailand so stepping on the money with
his picture is considered a crime
[Music]
ten you can't forget about your wife's
birthday you'll pay a fine in Samoa if
you forget about your wife's birthday we
wonder do a fitted wives actually report
their husbands well the fine that men
pay goes straight to their wives as
hands so I guess women do get their
presents after all we recommend it
setting a reminder on your phone that to
be completely safe nine you can't show
your tattoos
it's not that there's a law in Japan
that prohibits having visible tattoos
it's more of a stereotype that people
with tattoos are associated with
criminal groups like the Yakuza
so some hotels Gems public baths and
other organizations may not admit
customers with visible tattoos 8 you
can't run out of gas on the highway
there is a network of high speed
highways in Germany called Autobahn now
you can drive extremely fast on such
routes so you're not allowed to run out
of gas and stuff because this might
cause a car accident the funny thing is
that if you do run out of gas there's no
point getting out of the car looking for
help walking along the Autobahn is
prohibited to 7 you can't wake bears up
you do a lot of crazy things for a good
selfie right well apparently so many
people try to wake up bears during their
winter hibernation that it was actually
made illegal in Alaska the only question
is why prohibit that and spend
government money on looking for
criminals and punishing them if a woken
up bear can teach them a lesson itself
natural selection in its best
six you can't offer cigars to pets or
animals in Illinois USA fighting a
smoking addiction can be really tough
five you can't cheat in school now any
Bangladesh student older than 15 who's
caught cheating in school can be
imprisoned nobody loves a cheat but
prison what kind of an education besides
life lessons can you get in a Bangladesh
prison for you can't frown when in Milan
don't forget that it's illegal to frown
there if you want to spend all your
money on shopping and not on fines don't
be grumpy
of course this law doesn't work for
funerals and hospital visits 3 you can
kill your cheating husband do you
remember that don't forget your wife's
birthday and Samoa law well that was
totally harmless you see in Hong Kong if
a wife catches her husband cheating she
has the legal right to kill him the only
thing she needs to keep in mind if it's
even possible in such a situation is
that she can only kill him with her bare
hands she's not allowed to use any kind
of weapon however that might be even
more satisfying to do it in this way
- you can't pee in the ocean you can be
sentenced to some time in a cell if you
get caught peeing in the ocean and
Portugal who exactly can catch you and
how they prove you committed this
unforgivable crime does remain a
question however we're wondering what's
so wrong about peeing in the ocean it's
the natural water cycle right one you
can't eat at a burning restaurant no
matter how much you'd like to do it
there's a law in Chicago that prohibits
you to continue eating your meal when
the restaurant is on fire oh such a
shame I mean this could be a lifetime
experience do you know about any other
laws we didn't mention tell us about
them in the comment section below don't
forget to like this video if you enjoyed
it and share it with your friends and
click subscribe to join us on the bright
side of life
[Music]